# ModifyImageByGenAI
The Segment Anything Model to select subjects in images by providing points and other inputs.  Let's put some of this knowledge to good use by building something interesting, and fun!

Features
Descriptions: In this project we will build a nice web app that allows you to swap out the background of a subject and substitute it with an image generated by Stable Diffusion through a text prompt
Interface: Users can input their picture then select subject and prompt detail for background, and the application will change background thourgh a text prompt.
Prerequisites
Before running this application, make sure you have the following dependencies installed:

Python 3.x (preferably Python 3.8 or higher)
OpenAI API Key: You'll need to set up your own API key for OpenAI (if you're using GPT-3 or GPT-4) and provide it in your environment.
ChromaDB or any vector database: (if you are integrating with a vector database for storing property listings).
Libraries:
numpy
requests (for API calls)
transformers (for SAM Model)
diffusers (for handling image data)

How to Run the Code
1. Set up your environment:
First, make sure you have installed all the required dependencies (as mentioned above).
2. Prepare Your Image Data:
The application expects a image data, which can be marked a subject and generated background.
3. Input Your Text Prompt:
Create a text prompt and negative prompt (option).
4. Mark Your Subject:
For generated background for it.
5. Run the Application:
Click Run inpaint.

